Brother, let's not do this, right?
Even if you don't tell your little sister, you have to tell your sister-in-law. Oh, there's no need.
If they knew, they would have followed
It's such a long journey.
What should I do if I encounter danger?
What are you doing with two burdens?
Wait, what did you just call Chu Chuhan's sister-in-law?
Sister-in-law, didn't you call me Senior Sister before?
Why did you suddenly change your name to sister-in-law?
It was Senior Sister who let him
He also said that if I didn't scream
And he taught me a lesson.
Hey, coward, a woman can scare you like this and don't go out
Don't say it's my old and thrifty senior sister, no
Well, his brain is different.
How different is that?
Is he Barbie Lohan or Tin King Kong?
I think you are cowardly.
Yo, where are you going?
Haha, little sister Chu Han
Why are you here?
Why is it that big brother is not happy to see us two burdens?
How could it be that Qin Mo is talking nonsense? Don't take it seriously, big brother.